all right folks are you doing okay let
me get this out of the way
all right so if some change is good
hopefully a lot of change is good
because there's a lot of change that's
happening to this boat first off it's
gonna be a tiller ball so let me show
you what it done if I point this down
here sorry about that you can see here
and maybe a better angle come around
here cuz I've chopped the splash ball
down and obvious reasons are that the
size of the splash wall before wouldn't
have committed this to allow it to be a
tiller long gear so that pencil seats
going in here I've got a box going over
here and I've got a board that's
basically running across here that's
gonna be laminated in here so that so
that this part here obviously the water
just come over and roll into the boat
the other kind of sort of bigger part of
it is down the center of the boat there
I'll move over there so you can see that
right now you can see the front it is
going to I've got another board right
pieces to the left I mean here this
piece here goes up in the front but I'm
actually cutting one out so it's solid
so that I can put a platform up there
it's solid enough to allow for basically
a fishing platform that's out here so
you can see me so the reasons for this
change here this week is basically
because in the end I decided that this
boat no matter how much they tried to
configure the seats and do everything
the width of this boat isn't that huge
so to get the four of us in here without
having everybody sitting right in the
very back of the boat was going to be a
big challenge so I decided that making
it a tiller model and going the
simplistic route kept the weight
and kept it ultra portable and allowed
for us to sit up a little bit a little
bit higher so that we're not basically
our knees up to our nostrils so that was
sort of the impetus for the change the
other part of it was is is the weight
aspect because they told with a car I
wanted something that I could easily tow
and by the time I had that the console
in and everything where I was going with
it surprisingly the way to add it out so
that's where I'm going with it nothing
really else noteworthy to tell you other
than shopping down the costs or the
backsplash wall was an interesting
challenge because of all the angles from
the angles coming in at aside and then
angles coming down this way and what
basically I did was after a lot of
messing around with it and using
protractors and stuff to get the angles
I ended up eyeballing it and it came out
really good so sometimes just a good
old-fashioned looking at it makes makes
makes the difference so it wasn't the
flat part that was hard to cut of course
it was the the side parts and I wanted
to have a vertical board against that
that surface like this and of course
this splash well even looking at this
way is coming in at an angle like this
it's not quite 15 degrees but close to
it
so you know it's you just got to think
it through a bit so that's where at I
thought I'd give you guys an update and
talk with you later right